Pdr/addressing review comments (#83)
oauth-wg/oauth-browser-based-apps: draft-ietf-oauth-browser-based-apps.md

This specification describes different architectural patterns for implementing OAuth 2.0 clients in applications executing in a browser. The specification outlines the security challenges for browser-based applications and analyzes how different patterns address these challenges.

> Note that many web applications consist of a first-party frontend and API, allowing for an architecture that does not rely on OAuth 2.0. Such scenarios can rely on OpenID Connect for user authentication, after which they maintain the user's authentication state. Such a scenario, which does not use OAuth 2.0, is not within scope for this specification. This document focuses on JavaScript frontend applications acting as the OAuth client, interacting with the Authorization server to obtain tokens. The client uses the access token to access protected resources on resource servers. When using OAuth 2.0, the client, authorization server, and resource servers are all independent parties, either in a first-party or third-party context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that many web applications consist of a first-party frontend and API, allowing for an architecture that does not rely on OAuth 2.0. Such scenarios can rely on OpenID Connect for user authentication, after which they maintain the user's authentication state. Such a scenario, which does only uses OAuth 2.0 as the underlying specification of OpenID Connect, is not within scope for this specification. This document focuses on JavaScript frontend applications acting as the OAuth client, interacting with the Authorization server to obtain access tokens and optionally refresh tokens. The client uses the access token to access protected resources on resource servers. When using OAuth 2.0, the client, authorization server, and resource servers are all considered independent parties, either in a first-party or third-party context, regardless of whether each is owned or operated by the same party.
```

### Client Hijacking {#consequence-hijack}

> When stealing tokens is not possible or desirable, the attacker can also choose to hijack the OAuth client application running in the user's browser. This effectively allows the attacker to perform any operations that the legitimate client application can perform. Examples include inspecting data on the page, modifying the page, and sending requests to backend systems. alternatively, the attacker can also abuse their access to the application to launch additional attacks, such as tricking the client into acting on behalf of the attacker using an attack such as session fixation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When stealing tokens is not possible or desirable, the attacker can also choose to hijack the OAuth client application running in the user's browser. This effectively allows the attacker to perform any operations that the legitimate client application can perform. Examples include inspecting data on the page, modifying the page, and sending requests to backend systems. alternatively, the attacker can also abuse their access to the application to launch additional attacks, such as tricking the client into acting on behalf of the attacker using an attack such as session fixation.
```
